README.md, before:

# webprovisions-skeleton-plugin
This skeleton sets up a standard Webprovisions plugin using Babel and Webpack. The Babel compiler transpiles ES6+ code to ES5 but without transforming modules import and export statements. This enables Webpack to utilize its tree-shaking capabilities, making the resulting bundle smaller.

## About Webprovisions
Webprovisions is a web distribution platform provided by Humany. The client framework orchestrates widgets and plugins and provides an easy-to-use API for controlling and extending their behaviour.

## Prerequisites
To use the Webprovisions features the Humany implementation must have Webprovisions enabled. Webprovisions is still in beta and isn't enabled by default. Contact Humany support for more information about enabling this feature.

## Building the code
1. Ensure NodeJS and Git is installed.
2. Clone or fork this repository.
3. From the root folder, execute the following command to install the dependencies:
```
npm install
```
4. From the root folder, execute one of the following commands to generate the bundle.
```
npm run build
```
```
npm run build-dev
```

## Registering the plugin
Include the generated bundle (located in the `/dist` folder) after the default Humany embed script, e.g.:
```html
<!-- Start Humany - implementation: "skeleton-plugin" -->
<script>
  (function(n,t,i,r,u,f,e){for(var o,s=/[?&]{1}(humany[^=]*)=([^&#]*)/g;o=s.exec(n.location.search);)i+=(i.indexOf("?")>-1?"&":"?")+o[1]+"="+o[2];
  f=t.createElement(u);f.async=!0;f.src=i;e=t.getElementsByTagName(u)[0];e.parentNode.insertBefore(f,e);n[r]=n[r]||{_c:[],configure:function(t){n[r]._c.push(t)}}})
  (window,document,"//webprovisions-sandbox.humany.net/skeleton-plugin/embed.js","Humany","script");
</script>
<!-- End Humany -->
<script src="skeleton-plugin.js"></script>
```

## License
The Webprovisions framework is currently provided under a Humany restricted lincense. Read more at http://www.humany.com/legal or contact Humany support for any questions.

Commit message:

Added basic server that diplays the plugin in action

README.md, after:

# webprovisions-skeleton-plugin
This skeleton sets up a standard Webprovisions plugin using Babel and Webpack. The Babel compiler transpiles ES6+ code to ES5 but without transforming modules import and export statements. This enables Webpack to utilize its tree-shaking capabilities, making the resulting bundle smaller.

## About Webprovisions
Webprovisions is a web distribution platform provided by Humany. The client framework orchestrates widgets and plugins and provides an easy-to-use API for controlling and extending their behaviour.

## Prerequisites
To use the Webprovisions features the Humany implementation must have Webprovisions enabled. Webprovisions is still in beta and isn't enabled by default. Contact Humany support for more information about enabling this feature.

## Building the code
1. Ensure NodeJS and Git is installed.
2. Clone or fork this repository.
3. From the root folder, execute the following command to install the dependencies:
```
npm install
```
4. From the root folder, execute one of the following commands to generate the bundle.
```
npm run build
```
```
npm run build-dev
```
5. To watch the plugin in action
```
npm run start-dev
```

This will launch a simple server running on port 3000 by default.

6. Navigate to http://localhost:3000


## Registering the plugin
Include the generated bundle (located in the `/dist` folder) after the default Humany embed script, e.g.:
```html
<!-- Start Humany - implementation: "webprovisions" [webprovisions] -->
<script>
  (function(n,t,i,r,u,f,e){for(var o,s=/[?&]{1}(humany[^=]*)=([^&#]*)/g;o=s.exec(n.location.search);)i+=(i.indexOf("?")>-1?"&":"?")+o[1]+"="+o[2];
  f=t.createElement(u);f.async=!0;f.src=i;e=t.getElementsByTagName(u)[0];e.parentNode.insertBefore(f,e);n[r]=n[r]||{_c:[],configure:function(t){n[r]._c.push(arguments)}}})
  (window,document,"//demobolaget.humany.cc/webprovisions/embed.js","Humany","script");
</script>
<!-- End Humany -->
<script src="skeleton-plugin.js"></script>
```

## License
The Webprovisions framework is currently provided under a Humany restricted lincense. Read more at http://www.humany.com/legal or contact Humany support for any questions.
